1. REQUEST. If I have slots open, please post in this thread to claim one. In your post please include the type of art work you would like to commission, the amount of characters in it and a link to the lions. Please let me know in this overview too if your lions have any mutations, complicated patterns or large amounts of decor that you'd like me to include!


                         Your Name & Account ID:
                         Character Name(s):
                         Type of Commission:
                         Number of characters:
                         Other: Mutations, decor, patterns
                         Link(s):


❗ If you link toyhouse references, please make sure that your reference is publically visible. I sadly don't have a toyhouse account and can't view them otherwise (if someone has an invite code for me, it would be appreciated! :-))

2. SLOT CONFIRMATION. I will respond to you to confirm your slot. Please do NOT send any payments before I didn't confirm your slot. I will be endlessly grateful about additional tips but you won't have a slot before I didn't confirm that you do :)

3. COMMISSION DISCUSSION. We will talk about your idea and finalize the commission matter.

4. CONFIRMATION & PAYMENT. I will send you a final confirmation through Lioden PM. After this, you can send me the payment through Ko-Fi.

5. START OF DA ART. I'll get to work!

6. CHECK-IN. If the commission is more than a sketch, I will send you a final version of the sketch stage for you to confirm before I get to colouring. You can make changes up to that point but you cannot request any further changes once I work past this stage. Small things such as tweaking the over all colour balance, changing an eye colour or minor detail would be okay. Ask me and I'll let you know if it's possible!

7. WAITING TIME. The delivery can take anywhere from 2 days to 4 weeks depending on the commission type.

8. DELIVERY. I will send you the final version via cloudshare or email so you can get the fullrez version of it!

9. HEUREKA! Cheers, dancing, party. Enjoy your art!
